Copyright (c) 2013, mike_sf@outlook.com
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  Redistributions in binary
form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and
the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the mike_sf@outlook.com nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


ADDENDUM TO LICENSE.

This was originally provided on Sourceforge, and (if it's still there) the
original code can still found there.

http://sourceforge.net/projects/footab/

The original developer wasn't interested in paying the $5 to Google to make
it an official extension and so it stopped working when Google stopped
letting that work.

All I've done (currently) is pay the $5.  I tried to contact the original
developer, but got no response.  The code is pretty straightforward, and if
I decide to add to it I'll throw it up on github or something.

jason0x21@gmail.com
2014.12.22
